# Football-Match-Prediction

One of the most popular sports in the world is Football. Millions of people watch Football every day. Big clubs like Manchester City, Manchester United, Barcelona, Real Madrid, Juventus, Inter Milan, Bayern Munich, etc. have a huge fan following. With such a huge fan following comes huge expectations. Every fan wants its team to
win. This makes the Predictions of Football matches even more popular, be it the manager, staff, pundits or even the fans themselves. Football is one of the most far reaching and famous game, along these lines anticipating the consequences of a football match represents a fascinating test. Forecast can likewise help administrators and clubs in settling on the best choices to win associations and competitions. In view of the huge financial stakes engaged with wagering, there is an interest for high prescient exactness in this industry.
In recent times, a lot of Research is been done in Football Predictions. Many Machine Learning and Deep Learning Algorithms are used to predict which team is going to
win the match. It is been estimated that Football is played over 200 countries and 1.4 billion Football fans are supporting their teams globally. European Football alone exceeds 28 billion EUROS market scale. This forces the football team management to select proper strategy for each match. This is done with a team of analysts analyzing the data of their players, as well as their opponents.
Manual evaluation tends to generate many errors and take more time. In the current research the statistical model is proposed to predict the stats of the football player based on previous session data by considering various aspects of the game. Our objective is to predict the outcomes of a Football match.
